# The-Xubuntus
Repository for our final project --> Actual game description is in the attached word document and the README.
“Ubuntu City” is a story game that involves the main character Luca, living in a city of ubunties that are being led by their leader CityJan. The leader CityJan has been wreaking havoc over the city for several years, where Luca will need to face off against enemies (the ubunties) to progress through the story and restore the city. The genre is an action platformer that moves side to side where Luca will begin with weak attacks and progressively unlock stronger attacks/weapons through advancing in the story. The game follows a mostly linear story line with possibly cutscenes that reveal more game lore from the past. Some environmental elements include buildings, debris, warm colors, burnt down forests, encapsulating the overall ruined state of the city.

The game will start with the main character explaining the lore behind why the city is in a ruined state (because of the ruler CityJan), then he will be placed in the first level where he learns the basics like movement and fighting. The character must reach the other end of the level (starts on the left, ends on the right) and must face the enemies (ubunties) along the way. He will need to defeat them to progress, if not then the game will tell the player to defeat them. The player must attack the enemies either with their fists/legs or with weapons they find during their playthrough at each level. Enemies will be able to jump, move, attack, and will have unique enemies with different attacks (close range, far range, etc.). When interacting with the environment, the player will need to platform their way through the level and sometimes figure out small puzzles like finding a key to progress. There will also be items on the floor to pick up and things like treasure chests that can give the player items/upgrades. Finally, the last level is a boss fight against CityJan where the player needs to defeat him to reclaim his city and win the game!
